To get started working on the project, you will probably want to set up a few options for using git on your system.
Here are some commands that will set some common options for you:
(Obviously, you will want to change some of these to reflect your information)

git config --global user.name 'Greg Mefford'
git config --global user.email 'gregory.mefford@gmail.com'

There are tons of other options that you can also set.
Try searching the Internet for .gitconfig to see some other people's examples.

Getting Started:
1. Install git on your platform of choice
2. Go to the git command line (easy way in Windows is to run the "Git Bash" program from the Start menu) and set the above config options
3. Run the Git GUI program, choose the option to clone a repo.
4. Put in the "Your Clone URL" from the github website, and clone it to a local folder
5. Go to "Branch" => "Create..." to create a branch for your current feature
6. "Repository" => "Explore Working Copy" to see the files you currently have checked out
7. Edit the files
8. Go back to Git Gui and click "Rescan"
9. Click "Stage Changed"
10. Type a "Commit Message" explaining what was changed
11. Click "Commit"

That should create an entry in the repository for you change, but right now, it is only in your local repository on your machine.
To get it into the public github repository, you need to push it there.
12. Click "Push"

Once we've decided that your change is something we want to put into the "master" branch of the project, you can do so like this:
13. "Branch" => "Checkout..." and choose your local "master" branch
14. "Merge" => "Local Merge" and select the branch you made and want to merge with the "master" and click "Merge"
15. If it worked as expected, Push it up to the github server as before.

If other people have made changes, you will need to do the following to update your local repository and see the changes:
16. "Remote" => "Fetch from" => "origin" (This will update your local repository, but not change your working branch.)
17. Create a new branch from origin/master to continue working from the new "master" branch.
